Task
Write an application and tests for it according to the requirements given below.
The application must implement the functionality defined by the individual task.

Task example:

Circle. Create the classes Point and Circle.
Create methods and tests: calculating the area and perimeter of a circle; Is the shape a circle? (the radius cannot be <= 0); Does the figure intersects only one of the coordinate axes at a specified distance?

Requirements:

Create entity classes, for example: "Create Point and Circle classes"

Entity-classes should not be filled with methods which perform functional actions
(business logic methods such as calculation, search, etc.).

Create logic classes that implement the specified functionality, for example:
 "Implement methods for calculating the area and perimeter of a circle"

The parameters required for creating objects to organize as reading information from a file (.txt).
Some of the data must be incorrect. If an invalid line is encountered, the application should go to the next line. All files must be in a separate directory.

Create classes for validating the source data for creating entity class objects.

For example:

the correct line in the file for creating the Circle object: "1.0 2.0 3.0",
where the first number specifies the radius of the circle, the second and third - the coordinates of the center;
incorrect line in the file for creating the Circle object: "1.z0 2.0 3.0" - invalid "z" character,
the entire line should be considered incorrect here and in the cases below;
incorrect line in the file for creating a Circle object: "1.0 2.0" -
not enough information to create an object;
Incorrect line in the file for creating a Circle object: "-1.0 2.0 3.0" -
it is impossible to create a Circle with a negative radius.
For entity classes, you should override the methods of the Object class:
toString (), equals (), hashCode (). Do not use methods of the Objects class.

All application classes should be structured in packages.

Use your own classes for Exception.

The formatting of the code follows the Java Code Convention.

Use Log4J2 to write logs.

The code must be covered with Unit tests. When writing tests it is forbidden:
 write logs and use branching operators: if, for, while, do \ while, switch;

The class with the main method must be absent in the task. Run with tests only.

